We could do a nice little spinner here and
show some thing, but
I'm not gonna add it cuz I wanna
focus on some of our AI stuff.
We got two more AI features
I wanna get to and
if you wanna see a spinner you can
look at the code I have them get up.
It's just like four lines of CSS, so.
Okay, let's get to the,
actually I do want to add some links
here on the left cuz it's bothered
me that I can't click on it.
So that's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna go to journal layout,
and we're gonna go to this aside.
I'm gonna drop some links in here.
So I'm gonna make some
links over at the top.
I'm gonna make some links for it's gonna
say href and that's gonna be that.
It's gonna be home and
then it's label as home and then,
I'm gonna make one for
journal so we can go there.
Let's label this journal.
There we go, so much better.
And then in aside,
I'll just put the div here for mood.
That's our logo and then underneath here
it'll just be a ul with some li's in it.
So I'll just iterate over the links,
grab a link Return an li.
As a link tag from next/link,
put an href of link.href and
the value is link.label.
Add the key here of link.href.
There we go.
I know this is gonna look janky, so
I'm just going to add some classes now.
I already know it's gonna look bad,
px of 2, py of 6.
And text of xl.
That should be good enough.
It's still gonna look like crap but cool.
You don't have to add these
if you don't want to.
I'm just adding so I can actually click on
something without having to go to the URL
and change the URL.
It was bothering me